docs: add common terms documentation to website (#680)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: WebHostLib/static/assets/faq/common-terms_en.md

# Common Multiworld Terms

There are a lot of common terms used when playing in different game randomizer communities and in multiworld as well.

> This document serves as a lookup for common terms that may be used by users in the community or in various other

Reviewer: Line 4 is unnecessary. The title of the document indicates its purpose.

documentation.

## Check
A check is a common term for when you "check", or pick up, a location. In terms of Archipelago this is usually used for
when a player goes to a location and sends its item or "checks" the location.

## Item
Items are what you will receive from the server regardless of what game you are playing. This could be a sword, a stat 
upgrade, a spell, or any other potential receivable for your game.

## Location
Locations are where items are placed in your game. Whenever you interact with a location, you or another player will
then receive an item. A location could be a chest, an enemy drop, a shop purchase, or any other interactable that can
contain items in your game.

## Slot

> A slot is the player name and number assigned during generation. This is equal to the number of `yaml` setting files

Reviewer 2: This is not entirely accurate, just because `yaml` setting files can have multiple yamls now. Maybe a small tweak to remove reference to `files`?

Author: I think the original intent here I was planning on covering the case of using a weightedsettings.yaml but decided it was out of scope. will reevaluate this though

A slot is the player name and number assigned during generation. The number of slots is equal to the number of players,

> or "worlds", created.

Reviewer 3: Maybe note that each player needs a unique name?

## World

> World in terms of Archipelago can mean multiple things and is used interchangeably in many situations.
> * During gameplay in multiworlds each world is a "slot" or "player." As Archipelago allows multiple players to connect
> to the same slot those players are now sharing a world and completing it cooperatively. For games with native 
> cooperative play Archipelago usually fully supports this and those players would connect to each other and only one
> of them to the multiworld but they would still be sharing the same world.
> * For the sake of the backend, or programming side, world is usually intended to represent the world package for a game 
> integration. For example this could be the entire `worlds/factorio` directory.

Reviewer 3: I think this definition can be tightened up a bit to clarify the important parts more concisely. Here's an attempt:

```suggestion
World in terms of Archipelago can mean multiple things and is used interchangeably in many situations.
* During gameplay, a world is a single instance of a game, occupying one player "slot". However, 
Archipelago allows multiple players to connect to the same slot; then those players can share a world 
and complete it cooperatively. For games with native cooperative play, you can also play together and
share a world that way, usually with only one player connected to the multiworld.
* On the programming side, a world typically represents the package that integrates Archipelago with a
particular game. For example this could be the entire `worlds/factorio` directory.
```

## RNG
Acronym for "Random Number Generator." Archipelago uses its own custom Random object with a unique seed per generation,
or, if running from source, a seed can be supplied and this seed will control all randomization during generation as all
game worlds will have access to it.

## Seed

> A "seed" is a number used to initialize a pseudorandom number generator. Whenever you generate a new game on Archipelago
> this is a new "seed" as it has unique item placement, and you can create multiple "rooms" on the Archipelago site from a
> single seed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A "seed" is a number used to initialize a pseudorandom number generator. Whenever you generate a new game on Archipelago
this is a new "seed" as it has unique item placement, and you can create multiple "rooms" on the Archipelago site from a
single seed. Using the same seed results in the random placement being the same.
```

## Room
Whenever you generate a seed on the Archipelago website you will be put on a seed page that contains all the seed info
with a link to the spoiler if one exists and will show how many unique rooms exist per seed. Each room has its own 
unique identifier that is separate from the seed. The room page is where you can find information to connect to the
multiworld and download any patches if necessary. If you have a particularly fun or interesting seed, and you want to 
share it with somebody you can link them to this seed page, where they can generate a new room to play it! For seeds 
generated with race mode enabled, the seed page will only show rooms created by the unique user so the seed page is perfectly safe to share for racing purposes.

> ## Logic

Reviewer 2: I'd probably add a note that something can be considered "out of logic" if accessing a location requires the use of special knowledge that the randomizer does not take into account when calculating if you can access the location.

Base behavior of all seeds generated by Archipelago is they are expected to be completable based on the requirements of
the settings. This is done by using "logic" in order to determine valid locations to place items while still being able
to reach said location without this item. For the purposes of the randomizer a location is considered "in logic" if you 
can reach it with your current toolset of items or skills. 

## Progression
Certain items will allow access to more locations and are considered progression items as they "progress" the seed.

## Trash
A term used for "filler" items that have no bearing on the generation and are either marginally useful for the player
or useless. These items can be very useful depending on the player but are never very important and as such are usually
termed trash.

> ## Burger King / BK Mode

Reviewer: ```md
## Burger King / BK Mode / BK
A term used to indicate when a player has no checks available to them, and is awaiting progression from another player. There are two types of BK Mode:  
1. "Logical BK" refers to when a player has no logical checks remaining, but does have the ability to acquire some checks out of logic.  
2. "Hard BK" refers to when a player has no checks remaining in or out of logic.

The origin of this term comes from a GDQ (Games Done Quick) event in which many players were participating in an Ocarina of Time MultiWorld. One player found themselves in hard BK mode, and decided to visit the Burger King attached to the hotel. That player returned and finished their meal before receiving a progression item.
```
